---
layout: encrypted
title: "日本故事"
keywords: ["story"]
description: ""
category: "life"
tags: ["japan"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}


#### 警察と泥棒 2019.05.24
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;私の友達は自転車を持っています。彼女はいつも自転車を止めて、自転車の鍵を取り出さないです。
一週間前、彼女は自転車を使う時、自転車の鍵は無くなりました。彼女は自分のせいで鍵は無くなりましたと思います。
それで、自分の部屋と研究室で鍵を探しました、でも、全部でありませんでした。
それで、彼女はツールでロックを解除するつもりです。それで、彼女はツールを持って駐車場へ行った。でも、駐車場へ
いく時、びくりしました、自転車も無くなりました。 <br />

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;それで、彼女は警察に電話をかけました。
次の日朝は彼女が学校へいく時、彼女は駐車場で自分の自転車を見つかったんでした。でも、鍵はありませんでした。
それで、状況を警察に知らせました。あとで、男性警察は駐車場へ来て、カジュアルな服を着て、泥棒を捕まえたいです。
それで、ここ男性警察は朝く時から午後八時まで、駐車場の隣に立ていました。私の友達は警察に果物と食べ物と水をあげたいです。
あの警察は受け入れませんでした。

#### 餃子を作った 2019.06.02
LEIGEと私と葉子さんは一緒にギョーザを作ったんだ。でも、これは私が初めてギョーザを作ることです。それで、私はギョーザの作ることができない。
でも、葉子はギョーザの作る方がも知らなかった。葉子は豚肉と韮となど材料を持ってきました。LEIGEと私はFrescoで果物を買ったんだ。
LEIGEはyoutubeから授業をもらいました。それで、ギョーザを作ることができました。


#### Conversation with Japanese High School Students 2019.06.22
Two weeks ago, I was invited to joined this activity, I should say no, but I
didn't. I should follow my heart. <br />

I draw everything, she draw sculpture, animal, I just like drawing". I like her
personality.  I don't know how to say this kind of personity in english.  In
Chinese, it kind of 散漫，洒脱，不甩. just pay attention to what you like, you
like it, and you learn. why you need a purpose. For living to learn, It's
pathethic. She comes to Japan just to learn Japanese. That's cool.   <br />

I was impressed by Japanese students. A high school girl told me her dream is go
to Belgium. I even don't know where is Belgium. She wants to go there.  Because
she likes cholocate there. When I was in high school, I never stepped out of my
city. She has went to so many place. I am jealous. <br />

I said I was so old, because I am twenty seven years old. She said: "everyone
used to be a baby". 

#### 鳥貴族で
We went to torikizoku to have barbecue. It's a very noisy place, people there
yelling, talking, and laughing. we ordered food by a tablet. The food was not
too bad. During the food time, I think people sometimes are selfish, they just
ordered food they like, they don't care the others opinoin. You should ask the
others' opinoin because we pay together. I went to the cashier, and give the
waiter 20,000円. He was supposed to give 3,306円 back to me. But at that time I
was in a hurry, so I just took the 306円, and I did't realize that at that time.
After all my friend gived the money that they should pay. I found there is
something wrong with my money. So I went back to the restaurant. I did't expect
to get the money back, I just treated this as an opportunity to practice
Japanese. And what surprised to me is they just ask me to show the receipt to
them, and give me the money that I forgot. If you are in China, and you
encountered this case, most possible, you can't get your money back. Maybe you
can get your money back, you just need spend a lot of time and energy.


#### Be a volunter in G20 meeting 2019.06.27-29
Asked by the Chinese Scholarship Council, I joined the G20 summit as a volunter.
I was so excited, maybe I can see some Chinese president. American President
Donald Trump,Germany President Merkel. I hoped. But nothing. There are people
who come from Hongkong, Taiwan, Xinjiang. These people want their place to be
independent of China. So they want to rush into the street and the stop the
president car. And our job is to find them and stop them. And you know the
president cars run very quickly about 70 kilometers an hour. and my
responsibility is make sure when the cars drove by me is safe. And the funny
thing is because it's a very important meething. I think all of japanese cops
came to Japan, and there are also so many plain clothes police.  At the
crossroads where I stand, there are seven policeman and one plain clothes
police. Because my job is stand there. and I am so worried, I think I was the
most suspicious terrorist. I was so afraid.


#### パンを買って
日本で、あなたはパンを３つ買ったんです。店員は全てのパンを各小さいなビニル袋に入れたんです、
後で、全ての小さいなビニル袋を大きなビニル袋に入れました。それは、とても面倒

#### 工場でアルバイト
ニカ月前に、友たちと私はアルバイトをしました。あの仕事は工場で機械を洗うことです。
その仕事は完了するまでに三日かかると予想されます。毎日の給料は一万円です、
朝9時から、午後5時まで。
でも、私たちは仕事をするのはとても速い。
仕事をだいたい完了したの二日かかったんです。
それで、三日目、工場へ行って、11まで、仕事はないでした。
それで、社長は私たちを帰らせました。
私たちは給料は五千円と思いした、でも、私たちは一万円をもらいました。
嬉しかった。















